AppWhirr-SamplesAndPrototypes=============================Samples and feature and UI prototypes we've developed during the development of AppWhirr.This repo contains a collection of sample code, test and feature and UI prototypes we've developed.There are some not finished projects as well.You can find the AppWhirr cross platform app store's client code (and more info about the project) here on GitHub: https://github.com/Bitfall/AppWhirr-clientSome details about the codes=============================StyleSheetPlayground (folder)--------------------------------------This is a simple template project for quick style-sheet tests.Gui (folder)--------------------------------------Gui samples and prototypes, contains both unfinished widget prototypes and widgets which was actually used by us in the AppWhirr client.Some examples:* CrossFaderWidget : to allow cross-fade effects between distinct widgets* SimpleImagePresenterWidget : can present a single image from different sources, can resize itself to fit the image* TextFaderLabel : fade capable QLabel* AnimatedTwoFixedSizeWidgetBase : base widget with expand/collapse states* CheckboxButton : visually a checkbox with optional border, it can be clicked anywhere on the widget to toggle the checkboxFeature (folder)-------------------------------------Feature prototypes, some were actually used in the AppWhirr client, some were only tests or prototypes we never used.Some examples:* CustomUrHandlerlInWindows : test for custom url scheme handling under Windows* LargeFileDownloader : test project for downloading large files* SelfRepairingDatabase : a database handling code which could try to 'repair' the database in a lazy style - if a query fails it automatically tries to 'migrate' to the described database scheme. It caches the attempts and if the migration doesn't solve the database problem it won't try to repair again while the attempt is in the cache.* ThreadedDatabase : a multithreaded, asynchronous database handler. The database manager was run in a background thread and any other part of the app could perform database queries via signals and slots.* ZipTest: QuaZip based zip handling (test)License--------------------------Simplified BSD, included in license.txt